#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
czifile==2019.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.47.0
    # via matplotlib
imageio==2.33.1
    # via scikit-image
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via numba
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
networkx==3.2.1
    # via scikit-image
numba==0.58.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   czifile
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pymeshlab
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tifffile
    #   trimesh
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   scikit-image
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
patsy==0.5.5
    # via statsmodels
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
plotly==5.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymeshlab==2023.12
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.12.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   czifile
    #   scikit-image
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via -r requirements.in
trimesh==4.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
